# 3066. Minimum Operations to Exceed Threshold Value II

## 문제설명
You are given a 0-indexed integer array nums, and an integer k.

In one operation, you will:

- Take the two smallest integers x and y in nums.
- Remove x and y from nums.
- Add min(x, y) * 2 + max(x, y) anywhere in the array.

Note that you can only apply the described operation if nums contains at least two elements.

Return the minimum number of operations needed so that all elements of the array are greater than or equal to k.

## 제한사항
- 2 <= nums.length <= 2 * 105
- 1 <= nums[i] <= 109
- 1 <= k <= 109

## 예제
### Example 1:
<pre>
<b>Input</b>: nums = [2,11,10,1,3], k = 10
<b>Output</b>: 2
<b>Explanation:</b> In the first operation, we remove elements 1 and 2, then add 1 * 2 + 2 to nums. nums becomes equal to [4, 11, 10, 3].
In the second operation, we remove elements 3 and 4, then add 3 * 2 + 4 to nums. nums becomes equal to [10, 11, 10].
At this stage, all the elements of nums are greater than or equal to 10 so we can stop.
It can be shown that 2 is the minimum number of operations needed so that all elements of the array are greater than or equal to 10.
</pre>

### Example 2:
<pre>
<b>Input</b>: nums = [1,1,2,4,9], k = 20
<b>Output</b>: 4
<b>Explanation:</b> After one operation, nums becomes equal to [2, 4, 9, 3].
After two operations, nums becomes equal to [7, 4, 9].
After three operations, nums becomes equal to [15, 9].
After four operations, nums becomes equal to [33].
At this stage, all the elements of nums are greater than 20 so we can stop.
It can be shown that 4 is the minimum number of operations needed so that all elements of the array are greater than or equal to 20.single fish.
</pre>


## 소스코드
```Swift
class Solution {
    func minOperations(_ nums: [Int], _ k: Int) -> Int {
        var heap = Heap(nums)

        while let min = heap.min, min < k {
            heap.insert(heap.popMin()! * 2 + heap.popMin()!)
        }

        return nums.count - heap.count
    }
}
```

## 문제설명
Integer 배열 nums가 주어졌을 때 nums 중 가장 작은 값이 k보다 크거나 같을 경우까지 규칙에 따라 계산한 횟수를 반환하는 문제.

Heap을 사용한 풀이.