# 27. Remove Element

## 문제설명
Given an integer array nums and an integer val, remove all occurrences of val in nums in-place. The order of the elements may be changed. Then return the number of elements in nums which are not equal to val.

Consider the number of elements in nums which are not equal to val be k, to get accepted, you need to do the following things:

- Change the array nums such that the first k elements of nums contain the elements which are not equal to val. The remaining elements of nums are not important as well as the size of nums.

- Return k.

Custom Judge:

The judge will test your solution with the following code:

    int[] nums = [...]; // Input array
    nt val = ...; // Value to remove
    int[] expectedNums = [...]; // The expected answer with correct length.
                            // It is sorted with no values equaling val.

    int k = removeElement(nums, val); // Calls your implementation

    assert k == expectedNums.length;
    sort(nums, 0, k); // Sort the first k elements of nums
    for (int i = 0; i < actualLength; i++) {
        assert nums[i] == expectedNums[i];
    }

If all assertions pass, then your solution will be accepted.

## 제한사항
- 0 <= nums.length <= 100
- 0 <= nums[i] <= 50
- 0 <= val <= 100

## 예제
### Example 1:
<pre>
<b>Input</b>: nums = [3,2,2,3], val = 3
<b>Output</b>: 2, nums = [2,2,_,_]
<b>Explanation</b>: Your function should return k = 2, with the first two elements of nums being 2.
It does not matter what you leave beyond the returned k (hence they are underscores).
</pre>

### Example 2:
<pre>
<b>Input</b>: nums = [0,1,2,2,3,0,4,2], val = 2
<b>Output</b>: 5, nums = [0,1,4,0,3,_,_,_]
<b>Explanation</b>: Your function should return k = 5, with the first five elements of nums containing 0, 0, 1, 3, and 4.
Note that the five elements can be returned in any order.
It does not matter what you leave beyond the returned k (hence they are underscores).
</pre>

### Example 3:
<pre>
<b>Input</b>: s = "MCMXCIV"
<b>Output</b>: 1994
<b>Explanation</b>: M = 1000, CM = 900, XC = 90 and IV = 4.
</pre>


## 소스코드
```Swift
class Solution {
    func removeElement(_ nums: inout [Int], _ val: Int) -> Int {
        var newArray: [Int] = []

        for num in nums where num != val{
            newArray.append(num)
        }

        nums = newArray
        return nums.count
    }
}
```

## 문제설명
그냥 nums에서 val을 제거하고, nums의 갯수를 반환하는 문제.